6 add readmemd and translate functions to english (#10)
PAMepi/PAMepi_models_dashboard: README.md

# PAMepi Dashboard

> This directory was created in order to predict the evolution of an epidemic through the SIR, SIHR and SIM epidemiological models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains code of a dashboard used to explore and compare epidemiological models aiming to predict the evolution of an epidemic.
```
